About how to read array values with the loop.
See directly if you want to print your array values,
you can print at a time by using echo,
dollar reward or a variable name and then at the rate r star in square brackets, right?
But if you want to read with loop how you can vote on
which loop to use to read your values.
All right, let me open my terminal first.
See, suppose if I have somebody,
let me take simple array something arrays there.
So I can directly display all the values of your array
using this or I may under it or using star, it will work.
And I can also read values based on index values, right?
Like one.
Then what is the value at index 0?
But I want to read one by one value automatically with the help of loop.
Then how can I do that?
It's very simple.
Let me write arrays with loops.
Let me take my for loop here
because it's very easy to read your values one-by-one with help of for loop.
So before going to apply your Lu for arrays, suppose if you have a,
something like a for loop is syntaxes for each in.
Now you can ID here something like hi, hello.
Okay. Now just to do and echo your dollar each value and see the output,
what you are getting, right?
Yes, you are able to get your one-by-one value,
which are mentioning in your loop, right?
We mentioned here value that values you are getting one by one.
Now we know R is nothing but placing
some values in one variable with the space is same as this one.
Note. Now you can assume this is one audio-only.
So that's why I simply,
I'm taking suppose here.
As, let's say my array equals to three fourths.
Try even some string also,
no problem. Alright, some values.
And that's it.
Now what I'm doing is writing your values here and what I'm doing now I'm going to
place your variable name that to all values I want to consider.
That's it.
Now you are reading your RA RA values with the help of loop. Yes, you are getting.
So this is the way how you can read our values are the values with
the help of loop. Right?
Okay.
Okay guys, so this is very simple concept.
I want to give you.
Thank you for watching this video.